The new and improved MSC process (#1697)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: specification/proposal_etiquette.rst

.. title:: Proposal Etiquette

Proposal Etiquette
------------------

Proposals **must** act to the greater benefit of the entire Matrix ecosystem,
rather than benefiting or privileging any single player or subset of players -

> and must not contain any patent encumbered IP. Members of the Core Team pledge to act as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and must not contain any patent encumbered intellectual property. Members of the Core Team pledge to act as
```

a neutral custodian for Matrix on behalf of the whole ecosystem.

For clarity: the Matrix ecosystem is anyone who uses the Matrix protocol. That
includes client users, server admins, client developers, bot developers,

> bridge and AS developers, users and admins who are indirectly using Matrix via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bridge and application service developers, users and admins who are indirectly using Matrix via
```
